This is the first video in the
channel and today I'll be you guys do
pretty cool effect with pop art effect
Touch
I got this image that looks like jolie.
you can not use the image that you
want to
well come on first you come here
image adjustments linear or level
the way it is best for the
image that always using the touch creates
a new layer will now select a
half skin color half used one ok now
everything that goes of skin in her you paint
You just have to be a little cautious.
when it comes to passing the eyes around
around the mouth because they are the only
places that can not is can not paint
her face goes over her hair
No problem, we'll fix it later.
Look out since I left here for this.
on here
arms too
vote here beauty could have done
this you come here in layer mode
selects multiplication without solvent that
the accesses here have been the paid rate can
to succeed
the coach thinks he's paid
I went there with my is in its fourth edition
the I think this is here
here around the mouth always taking
careful not to hit your mouth
OK
After you've done this, you
save a little you will create a new
layer lump you boot a good red
I'm back 1 million and going to paint my mouth.
It's going to be pretty much the same thing.
that will do in all layers of the
mouth of the same thing an image of a
explanation and erase the excesses of the boot
Rubber cover and turn off
not only participate in the mouth left and middle
same
Okay now you're going to create a new layer
do not do the eyes now and do
with whatever you want
The three but no one here but you do
Whatever you want is just not going to overdo it and
back to know red rose that will go
combine boy here very proud of
your color called Mod Ready
then if you have already done the
eyes you will have a new layer and not
make a make-up now it's optional
if you want to put your skin here in
Beauty up but I'll do what I think
that was really cool
so the top of hers is the same
thing called
and fix the excesses
Okay now you create a new layer
select a hair color I'll go
select orange but you were the one
you want
out of 10 in all
It does not have to be perfect, I'm going to paint.
things because you can not have sex
then there was no way
ops
the same thing as layer mode
multiplication the excesses off
beauty is now creating a new layer and
choose a clothes shopping i'll put
this dark green but it does not have to be
that if you do not want
Okay, so her father.
the layer mode multiplication and extinguishes
the excesses
guys the effect is ready
click on the gulf if you liked add
the favorite videos that helped a lot is
the fight of hiv in social networks is
comment below what the next did this
here you want me to do it ok
Thank you very much, it never existed until Wednesday.
I'm going to go and record the whole video.
every Wednesday and every Saturday to
then Wednesday if youtube and send
a video for you guys can pass on the channel
from 6 pm to see
Do you have a new video?
Okay, you already watched.
thanks